Documenting how to test PR for adding datalad datasets (#31)
CONP-PCNO/conp-dataset: README.md

datalad install -d . --source ///corr/RawDataBIDS CorrBIDS
```
Datasets available in DataLad are listed [here](http://datasets.datalad.org).

# Pull Request workflow

To test a PR that proposes the addition of a new dataset, this is a possible workflow:

1. To create the PR, you should work on your fork of of conp-dataset (eg github://jbpoline/conp-dataset)

> 2. Make sure your fork master branch is not ahead of github://conp-pcno/conp-dataset master branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Ensure your fork master branch is not ahead of github://conp-pcno/conp-dataset master branch
```
It is more formal.
